Add hashing (#513)
cap-js/cds-typer: CHANGELOG.md

## [Unreleased]

### Added

> - Introduced `cache` option to cache CDS model between runs. If set to `blake2s256`, typer will only regenerate the files if the model has changed between runs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Improved performance of repeated `cds-typer` runs by introducing an option to cache CDS model between runs. By default, typer will only regenerate the files if the model has changed between runs, using `blake2s256` as algorithm.
```
